docs: add readme and contributing guide (#53)
ShabadOS/theme-tool: CONTRIBUTING.adoc

:toc: macro
:toclevels: 4
ifdef::env-github,env-browser[:outfilesuffix: .asciidoc]
ifdef::env-github[]
:note-caption: :information_source:
:tip-caption: :bulb:
:important-caption: :fire:
:caution-caption: :warning:
:warning-caption: :no_entry:
endif::[]

# Contributing to Shabad OS Theme Tool

Thank you for your interest to participate in Shabad OS projects!

There are many ways for people to contribute, beyond writing code or programming, by: logging bugs, reporting issues, and creating suggestions. All of which can be done through link:https://github.com/ShabadOS/{repo}/issues/new/choose[creating a ticket] in our issue tracker.

This document is for developers or programmers that wish to write code and directly contribute to the source code of Shabad OS for Theme Tool.

toc::[id="toc"]

## Getting Started

If you wish to better understand how Shabad OS works or want to debug an issue: get the source, build it, and run it locally.

### Prerequisites

In order to download necessary tools, clone the repository, and install dependencies, you'll need network access.

You'll need the following:

* https://git-scm.com/[Git]
* https://nodejs.org/en/[Node.JS], x64, version `>= 12.x`

> We currently use precompiled binaries. If we need to compile native Node modules in the future, we would include the following prerequisites. The following instructions are not required to build, run, package, or distribute Shabad OS for desktop.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We currently use precompiled binaries. If we need to compile native Node modules in the future, we would include the following prerequisites. The following instructions are not required to build, run, package, or distribute the Shabad OS Theme Tool.
```
